debug: gdbstub:  Move to DTS for uart device (#48260)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/build/dts/api/api.rst

   * - zephyr,flash-controller
     - The node corresponding to the flash controller device for
       the ``zephyr,flash`` node
   * - zephyr,gdbstub-uart

>      - Sets UART device used by gdbstub debug subsystem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Sets UART device used by the :ref:`gdbstub` subsystem
```
